[IMP] Sales - updated Deadline.rst (v14) (#4424)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/deadline.rst

==========================================
Quotation deadlines to stimulate customers
==========================================

When sending quotations, it's important to set a deadline to encourage customers to act and confirm
orders in a timely manner.

Setting deadlines on quotations entices customers to finalize the process because they may fear
that they'll miss out on a good deal. Quotation deadlines are also useful because they can be used

> as protection for a company, in case an order has to be fulfilled at a price that is no longer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as protection for a company, in case an order was quoted at a price that is no longer
```

Author: I think I may leave this in the *present/future* tense, as it's my understanding that we should avoid *past* tense whenever we can, but I totally understand the suggestion

profitable for the business.

Expiration date deadlines
=========================

> With Odoo *Sales*, it's possible to instantly add an expiration date directly on the quotation, or
> the sales order, in the :guilabel:`Expiration` field.

Reviewer: Just rephrased this a little bit. I think it helps with the flow.
```suggestion
With Odoo *Sales*, it's possible to instantly add an expiration in the :guilabel:`Expiration` field of a quotation or sales order.
```

Deadlines in quotation templates
================================

The Odoo *Sales* application also makes it possible to add a deadline to every quotation template,
as well. Whenever a specific quotation template is used in a quote, its associated deadline is
automatically applied.

To add a deadline to a quotation template, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration
--> Quotation Templates`, and either select the desired quotation template to which a deadline
should be added, or click :guilabel:`Create` to build a new quotation template from scratch.

Once on the quotation template detail page, enter the edit mode (via the :guilabel:`Edit` button),
if needed, and proceed to add a specific number of days to the :guilabel:`Quotation expires after`
field, located beneath the quoation template name. The number of days represents how long the
quotation will be valid for, before it expires. When done, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Be sure to check out the documentation related to :doc:`quote_template` to learn more.

.. image:: deadline/quotation_deadlines_2.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to use deadline in a quotation template on Odoo Sales?

.. tip::

>    By clicking on the :guiabel:`Customer Preview` button on a quotation, Odoo clearly displays when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By clicking on the :guilabel:`Customer Preview` button on a quotation, Odoo clearly displays when
```

==========================================
Quotation deadlines to stimulate customers
==========================================

When sending quotations, it's important to set a deadline to encourage customers to act and confirm
orders in a timely manner.

Setting deadlines on quotations entices customers to finalize the process because they may fear

> that they'll miss out on a good deal. Quotation deadlines are also useful because they can be used

Reviewer 2: Early 100th char line break

as protection for a company, in case an order has to be fulfilled at a price that is no longer
profitable for the business.

Expiration date deadlines
=========================

With Odoo *Sales*, it's possible to instantly add an expiration date in the :guilabel:`Expiration`
field of a quotation or sales order.

> .. image:: deadline/quotation-deadlines-1.png

Reviewer 2: Please update the image file names to follow the [image file naming convention](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#media-files).

   :align: center
   :alt: How to configure deadlines on Odoo Sales.

Deadlines in quotation templates
================================

> The Odoo *Sales* application also makes it possible to add a deadline to every quotation template,
> as well. Whenever a specific quotation template is used in a quote, its associated deadline is

Reviewer 3: redundant
```suggestion
The Odoo *Sales* application also makes it possible to add a deadline to every quotation template.
Whenever a specific quotation template is used in a quote, its associated deadline is automatically
```

automatically applied.

To add a deadline to a quotation template, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration
--> Quotation Templates`, and either select the desired quotation template to which a deadline
should be added, or click :guilabel:`Create` to build a new quotation template from scratch.

> Once on the quotation template detail page, clik the :guilabel:`Edit` button to edit the quotation.

Reviewer 2: Typo
```suggestion
Once on the quotation template detail page, click the :guilabel:`Edit` button to edit the quotation.
```

Then, add a specific number of days to the :guilabel:`Quotation expires after` field, located

> beneath the quoation template name. The number of days represents how long the quotation will be

Reviewer 2: Typo
```suggestion
beneath the quotation template name. The number of days represents how long the quotation will be
```

valid for, before it expires. When done, click :guilabel:`Save`.

> Check out the documentation on :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` to
> learn more.

Reviewer 3: This would fit better as a **seealso**, like this: 
```suggestion
.. seealso::
  :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`
```  

...however we already have one pointing to this doc so would remove it actually.
```suggestion
```

.. image:: deadline/quotation-deadlines-2.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to use deadline in a quotation template on Odoo Sales.

.. tip::
   By clicking on the :guilabel:`Customer Preview` button on a quotation, Odoo clearly displays

>    when that specific offer expires. As a reminder, the number of days is the same as those

Reviewer 2: Early 100th char line break

   mentioned in the quotation template (if a quotation template was used for the initial
   quotation).

   .. image:: deadline/quotation-deadlines-3.png
      :align: center
      :alt: How customers will see deadlines on Odoo Sales.

.. seealso::

>    - :doc:`quote_template`

Reviewer 2: No need to use a bullet point in a single seealso, and please use a global relative path rather than a local relative path
